Memberlist status page (#3575)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

  * `cortex_compactor_tenants_processing_failed`
* [ENHANCEMENT] Added new experimental API endpoints: `POST /purger/delete_tenant` and `GET /purger/delete_tenant_status` for deleting all tenant data. Only works with blocks storage. Compactor removes blocks that belong to user marked for deletion. #3549 #3558
* [ENHANCEMENT] Chunks storage: add option to use V2 signatures for S3 authentication. #3560

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Memberlist: add status page with available details about memberlist-based KV store and memberlist cluster. It's also possible to view KV values in Go struct or JSON format, or download for inspection. #3575

Reviewer: **nit(optional):** It may be good to clarify the mechanism used to view/download.

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Memberlist: add status page with available details about memberlist-based KV store and memberlist cluster. Additional query parameters can be added to view KV values in either Go struct or JSON format, or to download KV values for inspection. #3575
```

Author: I think people will mostly just click on the links in the page (see screenshot). I'm not sure this is worth having in changelog.
